UNR-4459 Bugfix/dynamic components gym too many subobjects (#2797)
spatialos/UnrealGDK: CHANGELOG.md

- Unreal Engine version 4.26.0 is now supported! Refer to https://documentation.improbable.io/gdk-for-unreal/docs/keep-your-gdk-up-to-date for versioning information and how to upgrade.
- Added cross-server variants of ability activation functions on the Ability System Component.
- Added `SpatialSwitchHasAuthority` function to differentiate authoritative server, non-authoritative server, and clients. This can be called in code or used in blueprints that derive from actor.

> - Added blue print callable function `GetMaxDynamicallyAttachedSubobjectsPerClass` to `USpatialStatics` that get the maximum dynamically attached subobjects per class as set in `SpatialGDKSettings`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added blueprint callable function `GetMaxDynamicallyAttachedSubobjectsPerClass` to `USpatialStatics` that gets the maximum dynamically attached subobjects per class as set in `SpatialGDKSettings`
```
